Hey ladies it's me pretty with you Cindy
said me and you already know what time
it is where next
so contrary to popular belief of me
going there was everybody was like you
could do you know a lot of weeks post
you seem really going that truck no
ma'am I got a relaxer and I got my
relaxer June 27 2014
I was 19 week spokes when I was 19 weeks
in 4 days and I was pushing 20 weeks I
had like a lot of new growth and it was
pretty manageable because I was working
out and I could co-wash you know acting
the UM moisture to it so it wasn't a
terrible stretch when I stretched out my
new growth I had anywhere from 2 inches
of new growth to some areas and I toys
like the middle and like middle back I
have two like two and a half inches of
new growth and that's in about what
almost probably not 5 minutes 4 minutes
and now I don't you do the stretches
long I usually go 12 weeks does my state
I've been doing it ever since I've been
on your journey Blaine
I recently said I was gonna try to do
another month like 16 weeks but after
this I just really don't know when your
schedule is so busy like knowledge
stretches put you every so many things
time if you are not careful you cannot
rush through nothing you gotta take your
time like breakage is a beast when
you're trying to rush through something
all choices are good they can be very
beneficial but they can cause you a huge
step back so I think I'm gonna try again
in 12 weeks just to see how that goes
and then I might try to move it up from
there there are a couple of areas on my
hair they did not take to the relaxer as
I would like it's definitely not bunch
my I don't relax my hair bone straight
so this is lifeless but I just simply
relaxed it so there's not tons of
texture net but it's not bone straight
somewhere in between in those areas that
did not take I'm definitely not gonna
correct it like it's definitely not
broke so I'm definitely not gonna try to
feed see as I was wrong to say in my
hair to do my saran wrap Romo said to
get my hair straight um like I was just
disgusted with the ends of my hair so I
would take like eat with each roller I
would take my shears and just snip like
a couple inches off the inside I really
don't know exactly how where my hair
would how far my hair has grown since
the last relaxing but even would be
still trimming off those inches I think
it's pretty much still the length it was
or a little bit longer than it was like
oh six my legs were nicer let me show
you how what I was cutting off I could
do you saw these these it looks
straggling ins like these and the thing
is I don't actually know where those
hairs actually follow what my hair is
straight down so they're not gonna sweat
it but I am relieved to get it off of my
head and I still want to give myself
another click like I'm honestly I don't
want to lose my length because I have
come attached to it over time but I
seriously want to renew my easing in
because I evaluated my hair especially
when it's wet and I can literally see
that my ears are oh they're the oldest
part of my hair
judging by the length of my hair now
I've kind of just opted into the ears
are probably the starting hair when I
first started my own hair journey week
is this the hair that's on my ears now
so of course it's not gonna be as
healthy as the hair is the rest of my
hair cuz this is like pure hair Johnny
work and it's just like yeah we still
hanging in there but I want to get rid
of you some of y'all might know I allow
myself one indirect heat passively and I
use that he pays once every relaxer so I
want to look kind of up my in the rate
he passed because I feel like when I did
do my heat pass they want some money at
least two times in the three months that
I stretch my legs
so I feel like my is and my hair was and
better help because I do my search and
destroy bitch and I do like little dust
in my teens I do that on a straight hair
so my hair is not straight often then
I'm kind of neglected to show my easy a
little bit of a special attention just
to keep everything cool and everything
neat and when you're honest my child is
doing relax for a day so I'm actually
putting on the link check - surely and
chicken to see the thickness and the
length of the hair but as I said before
my hair is like the turning of a t-shirt
and I'm totally not down with a little
chick dress but dinners not what's good
so I'm going to show you a clip of my
previous relaxed Earth Day
the others time to show y'all today's
action
so this day you don't want to know
something this big irritate me
this one right here there's always
things to want to make it guest
appearance landing like hey boo normally
he's been hiding but I notice that I
haven't done a black team race in a
while and I notice that when I do those
it turns the great strange kind of brown
so this is easier to hide I'm not gonna
cut it because I feel like if I turn it
baby they're gonna sprout from
everywhere
I have wisdom for days yeah that pretty
much concludes this relaxed update thank
y'all so much for watching y'all have a
blessed day